c:\users\pierre\source\repos\Plateforme de jeu\Plateforme de jeu\bin\Debug\Plateforme de jeu.exe.config
c:\users\pierre\source\repos\Plateforme de jeu\Plateforme de jeu\bin\Debug\Plateforme de jeu.exe
c:\users\pierre\source\repos\Plateforme de jeu\Plateforme de jeu\bin\Debug\Plateforme de jeu.pdb
c:\users\pierre\source\repos\Plateforme de jeu\Plateforme de jeu\bin\Debug\Plateforme de jeu.xml
c:\users\pierre\source\repos\Plateforme de jeu\Plateforme de jeu\obj\Debug\Plateforme de jeu.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\pierre\source\repos\Plateforme de jeu\Plateforme de jeu\obj\Debug\Plateforme_de_jeu.Plateforme.resources
c:\users\pierre\source\repos\Plateforme de jeu\Plateforme de jeu\obj\Debug\Plateforme_de_jeu.Resources.resources
c:\users\pierre\source\repos\Plateforme de jeu\Plateforme de jeu\obj\Debug\Plateforme de jeu.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\pierre\source\repos\Plateforme de jeu\Plateforme de jeu\obj\Debug\Plateforme de jeu.vbproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\pierre\source\repos\Plateforme de jeu\Plateforme de jeu\obj\Debug\Plateforme de jeu.exe
c:\users\pierre\source\repos\Plateforme de jeu\Plateforme de jeu\obj\Debug\Plateforme de jeu.xml
c:\users\pierre\source\repos\Plateforme de jeu\Plateforme de jeu\obj\Debug\Plateforme de jeu.pdb
C:\Users\petil\OneDrive\Bureau\Projet VB\Plateforme de jeu\Plateforme de jeu\bin\Debug\Plateforme de jeu.exe.config
C:\Users\petil\OneDrive\Bureau\Projet VB\Plateforme de jeu\Plateforme de jeu\bin\Debug\Plateforme de jeu.exe
C:\Users\petil\OneDrive\Bureau\Projet VB\Plateforme de jeu\Plateforme de jeu\bin\Debug\Plateforme de jeu.pdb
C:\Users\petil\OneDrive\Bureau\Projet VB\Plateforme de jeu\Plateforme de jeu\bin\Debug\Plateforme de jeu.xml
C:\Users\petil\OneDrive\Bureau\Projet VB\Plateforme de jeu\Plateforme de jeu\obj\Debug\Plateforme de jeu.vbproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\petil\OneDrive\Bureau\Projet VB\Plateforme de jeu\Plateforme de jeu\obj\Debug\Plateforme de jeu.vbproj.SuggestedBindingRedirects.cache
C:\Users\petil\OneDrive\Bureau\Projet VB\Plateforme de jeu\Plateforme de jeu\obj\Debug\Plateforme_de_jeu.Plateforme.resources
C:\Users\petil\OneDrive\Bureau\Projet VB\Plateforme de jeu\Plateforme de jeu\obj\Debug\Plateforme_de_jeu.Resources.resources
C:\Users\petil\OneDrive\Bureau\Projet VB\Plateforme de jeu\Plateforme de jeu\obj\Debug\Plateforme de jeu.vbproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\petil\OneDrive\Bureau\Projet VB\Plateforme de jeu\Plateforme de jeu\obj\Debug\Plateforme de jeu.vbproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\petil\OneDrive\Bureau\Projet VB\Plateforme de jeu\Plateforme de jeu\obj\Debug\Plateforme de jeu.exe
C:\Users\petil\OneDrive\Bureau\Projet VB\Plateforme de jeu\Plateforme de jeu\obj\Debug\Plateforme de jeu.xml
C:\Users\petil\OneDrive\Bureau\Projet VB\Plateforme de jeu\Plateforme de jeu\obj\Debug\Plateforme de jeu.pdb
C:\Users\petil\OneDrive\Bureau\Projet VB\Plateforme de jeu\Plateforme de jeu\obj\Debug\Plateforme_de_jeu.Form1.resources
